you wake up in the middle of the night
from the feeling as if someone's peering
at you from the darkness
you open your eyes and see oh
hi biscuit it's your pet hamster that
you took in just yesterday
it's sitting right before you and
there's something
primal about it suddenly the hamster
stands up on his hind legs
and howls like a wolf only much higher
like a whistle then biscuit scampers to
the window
takes one last look at you and jumps out
into the street
what in the world was that calm down
it's just that what you took for a
hamster was really
a werewolf mouse or simply
grasshopper mouse it's a perfect hunter
it's agile quick and doesn't feel pain
the mouse lives in north america and
doesn't like digging holes
why work if you can drive the owners out
of their homes
this cute ball of fuzz preys on
grasshoppers
snakes and spiders but most of all it
loves dangerous prey
arizona bark scorpions are extremely
venomous
but our cutie here he doesn't care over
millions of years of evolution
the rodent learned to process scorpion
neurotoxins
into an energy drink the venom is for
this mouse
like 100 cups of coffee for you plus
it helps you not feel pain the more
venom in the mouse's body
the more it looks like a viking gone
berserk
after the battle the rodent raises its
head into the night sky
and howls the sound is more like a
whistle
but loud if the animal howled in the
center of a soccer field
you'd hear it from the stands this way
the mouse makes itself known and tells
everyone
i'm in charge here so don't you dare
cross me
you don't believe ask the poor scorpion
so when you woke up in your room your
mouse was singing
a victory song it may have just chased
away a poisonous insect that had
infiltrated your room
nature took pity on humanity and made
the grasshopper mouse
small but if you see one close by then
get out of there quickly
it means the werewolf mouse is hunting
and there's a scorpion somewhere near
mouse cubs even in captivity remain
aggressive
they're like the spartan children of
antiquity from the first days of life
they're ready to fight
imagine that you got a job in a company
creating our planet
you come to the office and your boss
says newbie
i need a project on a new animal on my
desk tonight
beside yourself you tried a bit too hard
and the result
was the platypus the animal is covered
with soft fur
it's got a tail like a beavers flippers
and a duck's bill
the platypus lays eggs but it feeds its
young with milk
you've got a crazy imagination male
platypuses have venomous spurs on their
hind legs
the venom isn't dangerous to humans but
you still better avoid petting the
animal
if it stings you with those spurs then a
week of severe pain is guaranteed
one animal has the nastiest temperament
on the planet
that's easy a honey badger most of all
it resembles a skunk that visits the
wrestling gym five times a week
and it smells like that too the honey
badger weighs
as much as a two-year-old child but it's
not afraid of anyone
it doesn't care who's confronting it be
it a venomous snake
two lions or a pack of hyenas it'll
attack them
and win you want honey
no problem befriend a badger and it'll
demolish a beehive for you
it's not afraid of stings the honey
badger has
thick skin that's difficult to break
through and also
sharp claws and strong jaws
the honey badger scares everyone in
africa
but it's got cousins in north america
and eurasia
those guys have a bad temper too
although it's difficult to call it a
giant wolverines will not hesitate to
attack a bear or an elk
the animal grows no larger than a
medium-sized dog
if you offended it then i don't envy you
it's hardy knows how to swim and is a
fast runner
wide paws are like snowshoes and don't
allow it to fall into the snow
you can't hide from a wolverine on a
tree either
it climbs with uncanny agility
the wombat is a cute animal that
resembles a fluffy bear
it's stocky and weighs as much as a
german shepherd
the wombat lives in australia where it
digs deep holes
and has the most original protection in
the world
if the enemy tries to get into its
underground house
the wombat blocks the entrance with its
um
backside this part of the body consists
of four
fused bones for a wombat it's sort of a
shield
and it's difficult for a predator to
bite through it
the animal is peaceful but it has poor
eyesight
and well it isn't very smart if it
thinks you're posing a threat
it will attack
the indian grey mongoose is a real
champion when it comes to fighting
cobras
during the fight it's beautiful and
dances so
fast that the snake doesn't have time to
react to tricks
the cobra gets tired and decides to run
away
as soon as possible the animal is
protected from cobra fangs by its thick
fur
and immunity to cobra venom mongooses
are relatives of cats
and are popular pets in india the
animals love to sit on their owner's lap
but retain a wild character in nature
mongooses rarely attack people but if
cornered
they become unpredictable
nobody knows how many rats there are on
the planet exactly
but at least twice as many as us humans
these
are amazing animals that can laugh dream
and feel stress they live in packs
and can hunt prey dozens of times larger
than themselves
scientists have found rat bite marks on
the ribs of dinosaurs
that are 75 million years old
they also have kings they don't wear
crowns though
it's the name for several rats whose
tails are
tied in a knot the largest king ever
recorded
consisted of 32 animals
possums have been around since the days
of the dinosaurs
their acting skills helped them survive
to this day
as soon as danger appears nearby this
hero
rarely rushes into the fray but it
doesn't run away
either it falls to the ground and starts
well playing possum it doesn't move at
all
and even slows down its breath and
heartbeat
i'm sure this animal deserves an oscar
for realism this actor releases a scent
it's so bad that predators would rather
stay hungry
than approach a possum the animal has no
control
over its acting ability it's a natural
response to stress
possums aren't aggressive but if
cornered they growl
their fur stands on end and they show
their teeth
small but razor sharp
you won't call the selenodon a nice guy
you can recognize it by red hair a
pinocchio nose
and a hairless long tail it's got sharp
teeth
and special glands in its mouth make its
saliva toxic
surprisingly the animal has no immunity
against its own venom
that's why it's really careful while
grooming
selenodons are aggressive by nature if
it gets bored
it gets angry grunts like a pig and can
lunge at anyone in the vicinity
luckily its toxic saliva isn't harmful
to humans
the pygmy jerboa is the smallest rodent
on earth
it looks like a baby kangaroo and weighs
a little more
than a penny the largest is the capybara
and it's difficult to look at without a
smile
but this isn't the limit millions of
years ago
a rodent the size of an african buffalo
lived on the planet
faux bearimes ate plants and resembled
both a hippo
and an overgrown guinea pig at the same
time
now the next animal would easily win the
first prize for the most
unusual rodent on the planet this
monster
is a naked mole rat and yes
it's naked and lives underground its
appearance is too much
even for a rodent most of all the mole
rat looks like a sausage from a horror
movie
but that's not the point on average
a rodent of this size lives for two to
three years
naked mole rats live in the wild for 30
years
imagine if people could live to be a
thousand years old
for a rodent 30 is pretty much the same
scientists believe that perhaps this
unsightly digger
will help humanity solve the problem of
aging
one family can have up to 300 naked mole
rats
in the concrete hard african soil they
dig
cities the size of six football fields
people don't meet these rats they rarely
come to the surface
and drink no water these rodents get
moisture from plant roots